[docs content] MDX layouts (#4077)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/mdx/README.md

))}
```

### Layouts

> You can use the [MDX layout component](https://mdxjs.com/docs/using-mdx/#layout) to specify a layout component to wrap all page content. This is done with a default export statement at the end of your `.mdx` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can `import` your Astro Layouts to your `.mdx` files, to wrap around all of the page content. This is done by placing an import statement at the top of the file. Underneath any frontmatter that maybe at the top of the page
```

```mdx
// src/pages/my-page.mdx

> export {default} from '../../layouts/BaseLayout.astro';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import BaseLayout from '../../layouts/BaseLayout.astro';
```
